let us Learn how to write functions I'm writing a function here.
void display this will just displays some message.
cout
Hello.
That's it.
Now from Main Function I will call this display function.
Let us run this.
I got a message.
Hello here
Let me debugged this
now
Is that the start of the main function
f7 is taking me to the function display and after displaying hello it will come out.
It is back to the main function.
So this shows that when you call a function the control will transfer to the function here and again
after completing of a function it will return back to the main function or calling function.
see this function is not returning anything so its return type is void and it is not  taking any parameter
let us write few more functions and see, I will write a function for taking two float numbers and adding
them and returning the result.
So this is float.
add is a function name and float X and float y this whole line is called as a prototype of a function
or header of a function or a signature of a function.
I will write down the body that is implementation of a function.
So here I will take one temporary variable then z assign x+y.
and return z, so this will add
X and y values and store the result in Z.
And then it will return the value of z.
So here in the main function I want to call that add function.
So here also I will declare variables x assign  3.5 and Y assigns 7.9 and also
Z.
See one thing to observe here is this function is having variables X Y Z and in the main function
also I am taking X Y Z.
Is it allowed.
Yes it is valid.
This belongs to main function and these belongs to add functions so two different functions can have variables
with the same names but they will be belonging to different functions.
So here I will say z assign add sending x and y.
So the value of x and Y from main function will be copied in X and Y of ADD function.
Then after this I will display that as Z.
And also I will say endl, then let us run this and see, here I got  result that is ten point two.
Now let me debug and show you.
I'll put a break point here and I will run the program, so it is on the declaration statement because I
have put a breakpoint here.
Now if I press f7 then it will go to the next line that is add.
And you can see here inside the watch window the values of x is what the value I have given and Y
is 7.9.
it's some value what I have given.
So it's not exactly the same value.
That's it.
So internally in the memory the value will not be represent as it is whatever it is given because it
is float type.
You know how to float numbers are stored they are stored in the form of mantissa and exponent so it
will not be exact value.
Now z is not having any value and it is zero, it is having zero.
We did not yet received the result and here inside the watch window it is showing x y z.
3 variables,  now i will press f7 again.
No it has entered here and it is inside add function.
So now you can see inside the watch window there are three variables x.
y z.  and these variables belong to add function.
So here you can see that Z is having some value.
Some garbage is there inside Z because it does not initialize X as having the value which
we have sent and Y is also having the value what we have sent.
No pressing f7 will get the value of Z and we got the result of z and returns.
It is on the statement return z, the control.
Will come back to the calling function that is a main function, so it's back into the same line.
If I press f7 see now the value of Z is not yet change it is back to this line the value of Z is
yet changed.
If I press f7 now that the result is brought into Z  variable so Z variable, we can see that it is having
that result.
Now that was sent from this function. and now it's about display on this line.
Press f7.
It will display here you can see that ten point two is displayed here.
So that's it.
So this is how the function calls are made and how the control transfer to the function and return back
to the calling function.
We have seen this one.
I will write one more function for taking three numbers and finding the maximum of three numbers so I will take
integer type numbers and the function name.
I will  call it as  maximand integer a, integer b, integer C so that is
...
so it's taking three variables then the logic you know already that if a  is greater than B as well as
A is  greater than c then a return, else  if B is greater than c then return  the greatest number
it will be B so return B, else return C.
So I have written the logic.
this is a simple logic for finding the maximum of three numbers.
So here also in main function I will make changes and I will declare four variables integer.
x assign 10. y assign 15
z assign 5.
And also I would take one variable for getting the result.
So then R  assign maxim off x,y, z
Now the result will be in r so I will cout r and also endl, so from here I am calling this function
maxim and this is the maxim function and it will take three  values whatever the x and y values what
I'm sending that will be copied in ABC respectively then it will find out the greatest for three numbers.
weather a greater or B is greater is greater or cis greater which ever is greater will return the result.
Let us run and and see what value I get.
I should get value 15.
Yes I got the answer 15 So this is for finding maximum of three numbers.
So in this way you can write various functions.
I'll be giving you some challenges so you can solve those problems.